
Privacy Policy, Stas Buchkov
Contact: stanbckv@gmail.com

One of our main priorities is the privacy of our players. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by us and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.


Log Files

Our team follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

Our Advertising Partners

Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data.


Privacy Policies

Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear in the apps, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.

Note that our team has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

Third Party Privacy Policies

Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.


Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

Our team does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.



By using our app, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
